"In reality level, Samsaara is pure. Samsaara is pure because Samsaara is three Gaya status.
Three Gaya status or three Vedya status. So it's really reality pure. But yet, we don't have that
realization now.
Therefore, to re-strengthen our realization, not caught by all the different hindrances in the sams
ara,
then we reflect those poor inner session thoughts. So we are not just carried by the force of the
emotions,
so we reflect poor inner session of training of the mind. And such as then, also cultivate more
love during application.
And those are the natures of the mind. Mind, so if we do those, cultivating those natures more and
more,
that will bring then our sagu more, more also, more calm, peaceful, joy, and more open mind.
And that will really help to support, to discover the ultimate level of three Gaya and three Vedya
status."
"So if you try to cultivate that pure view as more intellectual exercise, before we have enough rev
ulsion towards Samsaara, can we get in trouble?"
"In worldly, again, there is a personal level, a world personal level, and as to how you are going
to act in an open world,
there is two things, personal level and the worldly or action to the world level.
Personal level, we should cultivate more about these pure perceptions, really as much as we can.
That will really benefit to us, it will help us. But in the samsara, in the world level, we should
follow again exactly where things are happening.
Really clear understanding of the wisdom, view and bed, and supporting that, and supporting to that
exactly where things are.
So that means accepting, trying to accept the good things, to do the good things, and trying also
to eliminate the not good, good, and trying to do that.
So follow exactly where the things are. And so that's what we should act in the samsara level, or
in the world.
Personal level, and in the outreaching level. Okay, sir. That clears. Then tell me one more.
Yeah, I guess sometimes we have such a wealth of profound depth of teachings on the purity of
nature. But sometimes, me personally, I like the revulsion towards samsara.
Revulsion, right? I still like samsara. You like samsara. So do I need to focus more on more peer
view? More what? More peer view.
I think maybe I need more revulsion toward samsara. Do you know what? Revulsion. Revulsion says, "
No, you don't need revulsion, samsara."
"No, definitely in the Dzogki teaching, or in the Mahayana teaching." "We're not going to revolve
into samsaras."
"In the Hinayana teaching sometimes," he said, "but it's also not really revolve into samsara."
"But in the Mahayana teaching, we know the samsara, how we can develop the bodhicitta enlightenment
." "How we can develop, how we can practice the six paramatas."
"I mean, samsara is our training ground." "We know the samsara, we're not going to train ourselves
."
"So, we're not going to revolve into samsara." "In the Mahayana teaching, it is pure land. Pure
land." "Therefore, again, we're not going to revolve."
"Revolving is the very kind of like samsaric mind, and very low kind of like Buddha's teaching,
maybe like I'm the beginner Buddha teaching."
"That revolve in that is not taught." "Or revolve, okay, either way, either way, revolve, sometimes
it is advanced, you know?" "Yes."
"But revolve is also vomiting, or revolting." "No, samsara is not a revolting, but grasping,
clinging, it makes a letter, what's it called? Letter vomiting."
"Samsara, this grasp, clinging, it makes a letter, that we have to, whatever technique we can do,
what are we trying to do there?"
"That, remove the birth, samsara itself is not really revolting that, because this is Amnadryas
yoga."
"In the bodhisattva yana, this is the training ground." "Training ground, six paramatas."
"And for that reason, what the guru of those great masters said, in the terms of the teaching
enlightenment, who is kindness?"
"Buddha or the samsara?"
"In the teachings, they both are kindness."
"Buddha shows the path, samsara, Buddha shows the technique, and the teaching, and samsara giving
the technique."
"Samsara or the sentence basically training, nugget training us, training us, that teaching we can
apply."
"Otherwise, how we can improve?"
"So therefore, samsara is not revolting and not vomiting."
"But however, if we reflect this thought, nugget training of mind, what it will does?"
"It will settle us more calmly, beautifully, more become practicals."
"More sensibles, more thoughtfuls, really it will make that true."
"Our son, more break, that means, makes more break, our son, how break, how lucky, how important it
is."
"It really brings that attitude, attitude that understands."
"So therefore, teaching said, reflect those teachings occasionally or every time, reflect those."
"Every time of our practices."